
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
sim_seconds                                  0.000000                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                        4250                       # Number of ticks simulated
final_tick                                 3718766500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
host_inst_rate                             1993740724                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_op_rate                               2248135881                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_tick_rate                                 896349                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
host_mem_usage                                2262776                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_seconds                                     0.00                       # Real time elapsed on the host
sim_insts                                     9411481                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                      10637862                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
system.voltage_domain.voltage                3.300000                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.mem_ctrls0.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3718766500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls0.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls0.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls0.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls0.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls0.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls0.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls0.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::64                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::65                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::66                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::67                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::68                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::69                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::70                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::71                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::72                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::73                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::74                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::75                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::76                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls0.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls0.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls0.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls0.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.peakBW                     19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls0.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls0.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls0.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls0.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actEnergy            82062.162000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preEnergy            25852.321600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.readEnergy           127460.995200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actBackEnergy        320649.688800                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.preBackEnergy          951.619200                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.actPowerDownEnergy   975901.483200                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.prePowerDownEnergy      99.960000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.selfRefreshEnergy               0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalEnergy          1532978.230000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.averagePower         360700.760000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls0_0.totalIdleTime                   0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls0_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN       113258                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3718766500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls1.readReqs                          0                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.writeReqs                         0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls1.readBursts                        0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.writeBursts                       0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadDRAM                     0                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadWrQ                      0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWritten                      0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesReadSys                      0                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.bytesWrittenSys                   0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls1.servicedByWrQ                     0                       # Number of DRAM read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls1.mergedWrBursts                    0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls1.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankRdBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::0                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::1                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::2                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::3                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::4                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::5                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::6                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.perBankWrBursts::7                0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls1.numRdRetry                        0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.numWrRetry                        0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls1.totGap                            0                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::0                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::1                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::2                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::3                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::4                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::5                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.readPktSize::6                    0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::0                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::1                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::2                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::3                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::4                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::5                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.writePktSize::6                   0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.rdQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::0                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::1                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::2                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::3                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::4                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::5                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::6                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::7                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::8                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::9                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::10                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::11                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::12                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::13                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::14                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::15                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::16                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::17                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::18                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::19                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::20                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::21                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::22                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::23                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::24                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::25                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::26                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::27                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::28                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::29                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::30                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::31                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::32                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::33                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::34                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::35                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::36                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::37                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::38                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::39                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::40                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::41                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::42                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::43                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::44                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::45                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::46                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::47                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::48                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::49                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::50                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::51                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::52                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::53                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::54                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::55                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::56                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::57                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::58                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::59                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::60                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::61                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::62                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::63                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::64                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::65                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::66                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::67                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::68                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::69                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::70                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::71                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::72                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::73                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::74                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::75                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::76                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::77                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::78                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::79                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::80                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::81                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::82                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::83                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::84                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::85                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::86                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::87                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::88                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::89                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::90                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::91                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::92                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::93                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::94                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::95                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::96                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::97                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::98                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::99                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::100                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::101                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::102                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::103                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::104                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::105                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::106                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::107                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::108                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::109                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::110                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::111                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::112                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::113                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::114                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::115                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::116                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::117                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::118                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::119                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::120                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::121                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::122                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::123                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::124                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::125                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::126                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.wrQLenPdf::127                    0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls1.totQLat                           0                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls1.totMemAccLat                      0                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls1.totBusLat                         0                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls1.avgQLat                         nan                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgBusLat                       nan                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgMemAccLat                    nan                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBW                        0.00                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBW                        0.00                       # Average achieved write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrBWSys                     0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.peakBW                     19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtil                        0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilRead                    0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.busUtilWrite                   0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgRdQLen                      1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.avgWrQLen                      0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHits                       0                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHits                      0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls1.readRowHitRate                  nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls1.writeRowHitRate                 nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls1.avgGap                          nan                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls1.pageHitRate                     nan                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actEnergy            114887.026800                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preEnergy            48011.454400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.readEnergy           157808.851200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.writeEnergy                     0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.refreshEnergy                   0                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actBackEnergy        430513.725600                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.preBackEnergy         1087.564800                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.actPowerDownEnergy   1043114.587200                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.prePowerDownEnergy      99.960000                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.selfRefreshEnergy               0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalEnergy          1795523.170000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.averagePower         422476.040000                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls1_0.totalIdleTime                   0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::IDLE            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::REF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls1_0.memoryStateTime::ACT_PDN        38848                       # Time in different power states
system.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3718766500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_cluster.voltage_domain.voltage     1.200000                       # Voltage in Volts
system.cpu_cluster.clk_domain.clock               250                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.branchPred.lookups            8                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.branchPred.condPredicted            7                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.branchPred.condIncorrect            2                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.branchPred.BTBLookups            7                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.branchPred.BTBHits            1                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.branchPred.BTBCorrect            0                       # Number of correct BTB predictions (this stat may not work properly.
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.branchPred.BTBHitPct    14.285714                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.branchPred.usedRAS            0                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.branchPred.RASInCorrect            0                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.branchPred.indirectLookups            2                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.branchPred.indirectHits            0                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.branchPred.indirectMisses            2                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.branchPredindirectMispredicted            1                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3718766500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dstage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3718766500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb.inst_hits               0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb.inst_misses             0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb.read_hits               0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb.read_misses             0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb.write_hits              0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb.flush_tlb               0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb.hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb.misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb.accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3718766500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_hits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_misses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_hits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_misses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_hits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.istage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb.walker.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3718766500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb.walker.walkRequestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb.inst_hits               0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb.inst_misses             0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb.read_hits               0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb.read_misses             0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb.write_hits              0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb.write_misses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb.flush_tlb               0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb.flush_tlb_mva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb.flush_tlb_mva_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb.flush_tlb_asid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb.flush_entries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb.align_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb.prefetch_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb.domain_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb.perms_faults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb.read_accesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb.write_accesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb.inst_accesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb.hits                    0                       # DTB hits
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb.misses                  0                       # DTB misses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb.accesses                0                       # DTB accesses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.workload.numSyscalls            1                       # Number of system calls
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   3718766500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.numCycles                  17                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.numWorkItemsStarted            0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.numWorkItemsCompleted            0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.committedInsts              5                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.committedOps                5                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.discardedOps                8                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.numFetchSuspends            0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.cpi                  3.400000                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.ipc                  0.294118                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.op_class_0::No_OpClass            0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.op_class_0::IntAlu            5    100.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.op_class_0::IntMult            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.op_class_0::IntDiv            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.op_class_0::FloatAdd            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.op_class_0::FloatCmp            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.op_class_0::FloatCvt            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.op_class_0::FloatMult            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.op_class_0::FloatDiv            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.op_class_0::FloatMisc            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.op_class_0::FloatSqrt            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.op_class_0::SimdAdd            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.op_class_0::SimdAlu            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.op_class_0::SimdCmp            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.op_class_0::SimdCvt            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.op_class_0::SimdMisc            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.op_class_0::SimdMult            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.op_class_0::SimdShift            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.op_class_0::SimdSqrt            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.op_class_0::MemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.op_class_0::MemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.op_class_0::FloatMemRead            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.op_class_0::IprAccess            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.op_class_0::InstPrefetch            0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.op_class_0::total            5                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.tickCycles                 17                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.idleCycles                  0                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dcache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3718766500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dcache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          512                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dcache.tags.total_refs       258223                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dcache.tags.sampled_refs          512                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dcache.tags.avg_refs   504.341797                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu_cluster.cpus.data          512                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dcache.tags.occ_percent::cpu_cluster.cpus.data            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          512                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           76                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          339                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           94                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dcache.tags.tag_accesses            2                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dcache.tags.data_accesses            2                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dcache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3718766500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dcache.ReadReq_hits::cpu_cluster.cpus.data            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dcache.demand_hits::cpu_cluster.cpus.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dcache.demand_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dcache.overall_hits::cpu_cluster.cpus.data            1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dcache.overall_hits::total            1                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu_cluster.cpus.data            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total            1                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dcache.demand_accesses::cpu_cluster.cpus.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dcache.demand_accesses::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dcache.overall_accesses::cpu_cluster.cpus.data            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dcache.overall_accesses::total            1                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dcache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3718766500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3718766500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.dtb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.icache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3718766500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.icache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.icache.tags.tagsinuse          768                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.icache.tags.total_refs       309943                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.icache.tags.sampled_refs          768                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.icache.tags.avg_refs   403.571615                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.icache.tags.occ_blocks::cpu_cluster.cpus.inst          768                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.icache.tags.occ_percent::cpu_cluster.cpus.inst            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.icache.tags.occ_percent::total            1                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          768                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          116                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          355                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          274                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           23                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.icache.tags.tag_accesses           18                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.icache.tags.data_accesses           18                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.icache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3718766500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.icache.ReadReq_hits::cpu_cluster.cpus.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.icache.ReadReq_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.icache.demand_hits::cpu_cluster.cpus.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.icache.demand_hits::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.icache.overall_hits::cpu_cluster.cpus.inst            6                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.icache.overall_hits::total            6                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.icache.ReadReq_accesses::cpu_cluster.cpus.inst            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total            6                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.icache.demand_accesses::cpu_cluster.cpus.inst            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.icache.demand_accesses::total            6                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.icache.overall_accesses::cpu_cluster.cpus.inst            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.icache.overall_accesses::total            6                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.icache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.icache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb_walker_cache.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3718766500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb_walker_cache.tags.replacements            0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb_walker_cache.tags.tagsinuse            0                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb_walker_cache.tags.total_refs            0                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb_walker_cache.tags.sampled_refs            0                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb_walker_cache.tags.avg_refs          nan                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb_walker_cache.tags.warmup_cycle            0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb_walker_cache.tags.tag_accesses            0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb_walker_cache.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb_walker_cache.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3718766500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb_walker_cache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb_walker_cache.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu_cluster.cpus.itb_walker_cache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu_cluster.l2.tags.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3718766500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_cluster.l2.tags.replacements             0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu_cluster.l2.tags.tagsinuse            11803                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu_cluster.l2.tags.total_refs           11845                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu_cluster.l2.tags.sampled_refs         11803                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu_cluster.l2.tags.avg_refs          1.003558                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu_cluster.l2.tags.warmup_cycle             0                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu_cluster.l2.tags.occ_blocks::writebacks        11803                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu_cluster.l2.tags.occ_percent::writebacks     0.180099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu_cluster.l2.tags.occ_percent::total     0.180099                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu_cluster.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024        11803                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu_cluster.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          154                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu_cluster.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          970                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu_cluster.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         3941                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu_cluster.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         6738                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu_cluster.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.180099                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu_cluster.l2.tags.tag_accesses             0                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu_cluster.l2.tags.data_accesses            0                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu_cluster.l2.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3718766500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_cluster.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu_cluster.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu_cluster.l2.blocked::no_mshrs             0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu_cluster.l2.blocked::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu_cluster.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu_cluster.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu_cluster.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests            0                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu_cluster.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu_cluster.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu_cluster.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.cpu_cluster.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.cpu_cluster.toL2Bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.cpu_cluster.toL2Bus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3718766500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_cluster.toL2Bus.snoops                   0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.cpu_cluster.toL2Bus.snoopTraffic             0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.cpu_cluster.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::samples            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu_cluster.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::mean          nan                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu_cluster.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::stdev          nan                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu_cluster.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::underflows            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu_cluster.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::0            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu_cluster.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::1            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu_cluster.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::2            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu_cluster.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::3            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu_cluster.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::4            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu_cluster.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::overflows            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu_cluster.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::min_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu_cluster.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::max_value            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.cpu_cluster.toL2Bus.snoop_fanout::total            0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests             0                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   3718766500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples                 0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                  nan                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                 nan                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                       0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                   0                       # Request fanout histogram

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
